The Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs will inform the APT Committee of his or her decision. Should the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs choose not to accept the recommendation made by the APT Committee, the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs shall consult with the Executive Vice Chancellor and so inform the committee in writing and indicate the basis for the decision. The Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs will communicate to the appropriate head of the unit his or her decision and the major factors underlying it. The head of the unit will communicate this to the candidate. If the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs intends to render a negative decision on a case already considered by the APT Committee, the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs will inform the candidate and the head of the unit. An appeal of the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs’ impending decision, from any or all of these two parties, may then be made within the following two weeks, submitted through the head of the unit. The Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs will also provide a copy of the official APT memo summarizing the case and the deliberations of the APT Committee. If the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs intends to act contrary to a positive recommendation from the APT Committee, the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs must provide the basis for this decision. On the basis of this appeal, the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs may then either refer the case back to the APT Committee, and ask for reconsideration of its recommendation or make his or her decision without referral after consultation with Executive Vice Chancellor. On any one case the originating academic unit and/or candidate is limited to one appeal. Generally if a candidate’s tenure dossier is forwarded by the academic unit, the APT Committee will consider the candidate only once. Thus, a faculty member whose tenure review is undertaken by the APT Committee during his or her initial contract term, and who is turned down for tenure by the University, shall be allowed to complete the term of the original appointment, but his or her tenure track appointment shall not be renewed or extended. However, a tenure track faculty member who has been turned down for tenure by the University may apply during an authorized search for an existing non-tenure track position at Duke Kunshan.