bike/bike on campus, attend or participate in DKU programs or activities (such as sporting events, intramurals, performances, graduation exercises, host/sponsor events, extra-curricular activities/programs, etc.), or maintain computer account privileges. Eligible for Appeal Type A. Exclusion: Exclusion for a specified time period from access to or use of specified DKU-owned operated or controlled premises and/or facilities. Eligible for Appeal Type A. No Contact Order: Prohibition from communicating with a named individual and/or student group. Eligible for Appeal Type A. Room Assignment Intervention: This may include relocation, restriction, or revocation for a period of time, or permanent removal from the residence halls. (Refunds for revocation may be denied based on Residence Life policies.) In unique Residence Life cases that continued presence of a resident constitutes an immediate threat to the emotional or physical health, safety, or welfare of the resident, other residents, staff, or DKU property, an immediate interim suspension from room assignment privileges may be imposed. This decision will be done by the Dean of Student Affairs (or authorized designee), in consultation with the Executive Vice- Chancellor. In such cases, the resident will be required to vacate immediately and remain away from the residence hall until a hearing can be held. Eligible for Appeal Type B. Group Disciplinary Probation: A status imposed on a group for a specific period of time during which another violation of University policy or violation of any of the conditions of the probation shall result in an augmented disciplinary action, including the possibility of suspension of activity and/or dissolution. Eligible for Appeal Type B. Disciplinary Probation: A status imposed on a student for a specific period of time during which another violation of university policy or violation of any of the conditions of the probation shall result in an augmented disciplinary action, including the possibility of suspension and/or expulsion. Disciplinary probation may restrict a student’s ability to study abroad from DKU through the Global Education Office for Undergraduates and/or participate in specific programs or activities. It also may impact other opportunities in which a student’s disciplinary record is considered as a criterion for participation. Eligible for Appeal Type B.