DKU Student Handbook In the event of a campus emergency, keeping students safe, protecting the safety of other community members, and maintaining essential operations and information are the University’s top priorities. In the event of a healthy/safety situation or a campus emergency, members of the University will be sent information and/or alerts via, but not limited to, e-mail, outdoor warning systems, and text messages. All university constituents are required to keep their contact information up to date and comply with any requests or requirements set forth by university leadership. Please note, every building in the school is equipped with AED defibrillator. If a person is found to be in shock, the person that finds them should shout for help and dial 120 to ask for the first aid kit and AED. Turn on the AED and follow the voice prompt for defibrillation first aid. Please note, delivery workers are not allowed to enter the campus. Please fill in the takeout address of the north or west gate of the school and pick up the take-out from the take-out rack of the north at the respective gate. The school is not responsible for investigating lost or wrongly taken take-out. Please pick up the express at ‘’jinlinbao‘’ work point which is at the east side of the Student Residence Hall. Please dispose of take-out boxes and packages appropriately. Please note, it is not allowed to use the elevator when the elevator is in maintenance. It is forbidden to use the elevator across the notice board. It is not allowed to overload, pull the door, rely on the door, and open the safety window and other behaviors. It is forbidden to use the elevator in case of fire. In case of emergency, press the emergency button to get in touch with the central control room, and the personnel in the central control room will arrange for rescue. If the emergency button is broken, you can call 0512-36657083 to contact the central control. Please note, students studying or working in the laboratory should follow the relevant laboratory safety regulations. The volatile inflammables should be handled using the fume hood. When turning on/off electrical equipment, the switch must be fastened or pulled properly to prevent the situation that it seems to be connected but not connected. Before using any instruments and equipment, students should have read and understood the user manual. If the electrical equipment overheats, the power supply should be cut off immediately. Residual wastes should be properly disposed according to relevant regulations. Ensure that the safe passage is unblocked, and do not store articles to hinder the safe passage. Please note, DKU Phase 1 campus has three gates: North Gate (Chuanshi Road), South Gate (Duke Avenue), and West Gate (Wuhan University Road) for students to enter and leave. Doing so elsewhere is prohibited.